Possilpark is a neighbourhood in the Northwest of [[Glasgow|the City]], beyond the [[Byres Road|West End]]. Built as one man's vision of utopian living, it consists of a long curve of connected buildings, bordering a vast artificial lake on the outside edge of the curve.

On construction (in the 1950's/60's) it was intended to strengthen relations with Turkey, with plans for the neighbourhood to source the majority of the supplies necessary for its day-to-day running from that country. That relationship seemingly fell apart before the neighbourhood was completed, but the outside areas are gravelled with tiny, smooth blue-black stones (apparently from Turkey, or perhaps intended to appeal to the then-president of Turkey).

Everyone living in Possilpark is provided with all their day-to-day needs by the neighbourhood. It is a very clean, very middle class place. There is a hierarchy however, with the founder at the top, and a small group below him who enjoy particular privileges. This group eats in a small dining room at the centre of the neighbourhood. Tables in this room are laid out in a line, with the founder's table in the centre. The founder seemingly passed away some time ago, but the rest of the group keep his table laid out for him anyway.

From outside the buildings seem strangely modern, all clean angles and smooth grey stone. Inside, however, things are a little shabby, with a lot of the signs and furniture unchanged since the 60's and showing their age. The design of the furniture in particular seems older and shabbier than the neighbourhood's 60's origins.